"When the fans see our giant Mr. Sub sandwich - Master Blaster, they know it's time to scream!"

Mike Boyles, Sports Marketing - Second Dimension International 

"The Master Blaster has helped McMaster and our team sponsor Coca-Cola gain great recognition with the most exciting promotion ever. We launch Coca-Cola T-Shirts anywhere and everywhere into the hands of cheering fans."

Robert Hilson, Athletics Department - McMaster University

"The Master Blaster is an awesome device to shoot prizes into the stands. Our fans go crazy over it!" 

Daryl Zelink, Director of Corporate Sales - Edmonton Eskimo Football Club 

"The 'Delta Belta' gun has been a huge success - the crowds are really into it and it has become an important part of their matchday experience." 

Helen Cahill, Sales Department - Delta Airlines 

"The Master Blaster is one of the most innovative marketing tools that a promotions team can use. Not only is it attractive to look at for fans and sponsors, but the adjustable settings allow our promotions team to shoot to the third level in our arena, or fifteen feet in front of them at appearances." 

Eddie Eusepie, Director of Entertainment -Nashville Kats - Arena Football League 

"...very impressed with the quality of the product and its ability to launch basically anything we could squeeze into the barrel."

Sam McAdams - Morinda 

"The Master Blaster has added a significant impact to our Game Day Entertainment. Our sponsor loves the exposure, our fans love the excitement, and our organization loves the energy that the Master Blaster adds to the building."

Cary Caplan - Hamilton Bulldogs 

"These innovative machines, which we have sponsored for two teams, have proven to be real crowd pleasers as well as powerful marketing tools for us."

Carson Loepp, District Sales Manager - J.M. Schneider Inc.

"The hot-dog gun, invented and designed by illusionist Brian Glow, is the ultimate free-stuff weapon."

Lindor Reynolds, Writer - Winnipeg Free Press 

"The Master Blaster is a great promotional device to create in-game excitement, while allowing fans to visualize our product!"

Mr. Sub